reverting the Docker image (#29607)
demisto/content: Packs/cyberark_AIM/ReleaseNotes/1_0_14.md

#### Integrations

##### CyberArk AIM v2

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/ntlm:1.0.0.48903* (previous version) since the new version cause ConnectionResetError.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reverted the Docker image to: *demisto/ntlm:1.0.0.48903* due to a connectivity issue that could occur after upgrading to the latest version.
```
